Feature/update doc (#44)
retest/docs: docs/recheck/location-of-the-golden-master-files-and-test-reports.md

Note that it is important to fail the test if no Golden Master can be found. As mentioned before, this always happens the first time a test gets executed, but it can also happen for a variety of other reasons. For instance, when someone forgets to add the Golden Master to the version control system or if a test or a folder is renamed. If this is the case, then you definitely want the test to fail.

> All Golden Masters are created under `src/test/resources/retest/recheck/` and test reports inside `target/test-classes/retest/recheck/` by default. To determine where to put the Golden Master, `RecheckImpl` uses the given [`ProjectLayout`](https://github.com/retest/recheck/blob/master/src/main/java/de/retest/recheck/persistence/ProjectLayout.java) with the  [`MavenProjectLayout`](https://github.com/retest/recheck/blob/master/src/main/java/de/retest/recheck/persistence/MavenProjectLayout.java) as default. To name the tests and suites, the default for [`NamingStrategy`](https://github.com/retest/recheck/blob/master/src/main/java/de/retest/recheck/persistence/NamingStrategy.java) is [`ClassAndMethodBasedNamingStrategy`](https://github.com/retest/recheck/blob/release/v1.5.0/src/main/java/de/retest/recheck/persistence/ClassAndMethodBasedNamingStrategy.java).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All Golden Masters are created under `src/test/resources/retest/recheck/` and test reports inside `target/test-classes/retest/recheck/` by default. To determine where to put the Golden Master, `RecheckImpl` uses the given [`ProjectLayout`](https://github.com/retest/recheck/blob/master/src/main/java/de/retest/recheck/persistence/ProjectLayout.java) with the [`MavenProjectLayout`](https://github.com/retest/recheck/blob/master/src/main/java/de/retest/recheck/persistence/MavenProjectLayout.java) as default. To name the tests and suites, the default for [`NamingStrategy`](https://github.com/retest/recheck/blob/master/src/main/java/de/retest/recheck/persistence/NamingStrategy.java) is [`ClassAndMethodBasedNamingStrategy`](https://github.com/retest/recheck/blob/release/v1.5.0/src/main/java/de/retest/recheck/persistence/ClassAndMethodBasedNamingStrategy.java).
```

## Changing the path and NamingStrategy

If you want to configure where recheck puts the Golden Master files, you can do so via a piece of code. The reason for this is that we usually don't want a fixed name, but a name per test or per suite. 

You can use the [`ClassAndMethodBasedShortNamingStrategy`](https://github.com/retest/recheck/blob/release/v1.5.0/src/main/java/de/retest/recheck/persistence/ClassAndMethodBasedShortNamingStrategy.java) (or implement your own `NamingStrategy`) and pass is to `RecheckImpl` via `RecheckOptions`. Same goes for the `ProjectLayout` (for example the [`GradleProjectLayout`](https://github.com/retest/recheck/blob/master/src/main/java/de/retest/recheck/persistence/GradleProjectLayout.java)):

```java
RecheckOptions options = RecheckOptions.builder()

> 		.namingStrategy( new JunitbasedShortNamingStrategy() )

Reviewer: `JunitbasedShortNamingStrategy` doesn't exist anymore.

		.projectLayout( new GradleProjectLayout() )
		.build();
Recheck re = new RecheckImpl( options );
```

> An other option for a `ProjectLayout` is [`SeparatePathsProjectLayout`](https://github.com/retest/recheck/blob/master/src/main/java/de/retest/recheck/persistence/SeparatePathsProjectLayout.java) and [`ExplicitMutableNamingStrategy`](https://github.com/retest/recheck/blob/release/v1.5.0/src/main/java/de/retest/recheck/persistence/ExplicitMutableNamingStrategy.java) for a `NamingStrategy`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Another option for a `ProjectLayout` is [`SeparatePathsProjectLayout`](https://github.com/retest/recheck/blob/master/src/main/java/de/retest/recheck/persistence/SeparatePathsProjectLayout.java) and [`ExplicitMutableNamingStrategy`](https://github.com/retest/recheck/blob/release/v1.5.0/src/main/java/de/retest/recheck/persistence/ExplicitMutableNamingStrategy.java) for a `NamingStrategy`.
```

> 

Reviewer: Don't you think this was helpful?

Author: Also a request from @diba1013. The point was that the customer doesn't have to know about this, because he won't ever get in touch with it or has to use it. (if i remember correctly)

> Alternatively you can set the name without implementing the entire class, just by adding the argument to `re.startTest("testName");`

Reviewer: But this is only for a small part of the GM? Also, use the same code formatting as in the snippet: `re.startTest( "testName" )`.
